### Results of our Retrospective meeting

  In this meeting we put our heads together as team to look back and review and analyze the development process as it pogressed over time. The main point of retrospection was answering the question, "what went wrong?". Diving right in we identified a few problems that we thought could lead to better outcomes if they were addressed at perhaps the design phase. With regards to how we handled errors, we ended up with a system in which we displayed the errors one by one. A solution would be to show all relevant errors at the same time. Success in the endeavor would be determined by simplying having every error that is reported be displayed at one time, also a reduction in ambiguity and an increase in understanding from the client. Another issue on the development side of things is a lack of consistency in how we implemented our UI, this can lead to confusion among other developers when consistency is not apparent in the way the UI is built across different views. A solution to this problem would be to stick to a standard implementation or pattern to ensure consistency in the code. Success could be defined by the dev teams ability to understand code written in the presentation layer, due to the method being the same in all classes in the presentation layer. During development teams often had to depend on completion of code in another layer of the system before starting their tasks. This could be solved by creating empty classes which can then be used by the classes that depend on them, also applying the principle of  dependancy inversion would be a good approach whereby classes need only depend on abstractions rather than concrete implementations. Sucess would be achieved when no team has to wait for another team to finish.
